we stand here today with a plant that's
closing but I'm extremely proud of the
people that work in this plant here for
a year and a half I didn't have anything
we lost our home we lost a vehicle I
have struggled to get back to middle
class again this is a historic project
that is going to help grow this
community give people jobs and give a
future to your kids and my kids where
you sit today used to be a General
Motors plant and now there are over
1,000 employees working here this is a
union shop it is our desire to not be
that's not bully puppy time that's a
O's we hope someday to get this
good don't you
I wouldn't kill me be absolutely no 111
complaint filed some workers claimed
unsafe working conditions and unfair
treatment doing the same thing over and
over again that wears on your body and
Yony some businesses so paranoid enough
that's a happy heart they told me that
they had to be here two years away from
their family no extra pay
I made it their house they made it my
home we've just bombed it
I'm pay home a boner and I'm so damn bad
now we are so much antimatter she worse
or sushi
[Music]
a monk we beat when we pull like any
high now the whole world is watching
nothing in America has changed the terms
of working people working hard what
changed in America was rich people
deciding they wanted to rewrite the
rules to take advantage of people
you never give up on American Jew to me
that would be an American
[Music]
you